# A1: aurora

   The goal of this project is to develop an application for an online countryside store. The purpose is to offer a complete great-outdoors experience: Inclined ceilings, rustic-chic beams, and monochromatic exposed wood, rural land walks, outdoor hunting, and engraved limestones. All there's needed for an assured escape from contemporary modern-city life.
    Our main purpose is helping people relax from day-to-day activities and experience outside life with the products they need. Just in one place, our clients can purchase everything necessary to start a rural lifestyle.

   The designated platform will present a dynamic environment with flexible design and responsive communication. As expected, when searching for products, the platform guarantees vast and organized sections regarding different scenarios and preferences. Each item will be depicted by an image, a full specification of its components, choices of quantity-in-purchase and available colors. In accordance with the adaptive aspect, tags and filters are added to items so that similar products are shown in the search bar. Reviews are to be added to ensure a trustworthy platform, based on a mandatory classification between the numbers 1 to 5 and an optional short description on the item's review, all of them contributing to a general classification of the product. Both unauthenticated and authenticated users are provided with a view of all critiques, and, for an authentic experience, a customer service where people can submit questions to the company's employee by providing a description of the situation and their corresponding e-mail. On top of that, users can stash their items in a virtual 'cart' if a purchase is guaranteed or a list of favorite items, alongside with the opportunity to watch an overall history of previous searches or items. 

   Users will be distributed in four groups with different permissions: store manager, administrator, authenticated users and unauthenticated users. The store manager will have access to the stock of the store and allocate items to clients, ask replacement of stock, to update available products and discounts, each purchase's state, picking one of the following: processing, shipped and delivered. The administrator has the privilege to delete reviews, offensive comments and clients account. Also, it's responsible for customer service and problems with clients accounts. However, all these users won't be allowed to purchase or review any item.

   Authenticated and unauthenticated users will be able to navigate through the website, seeing nearly all of the stores’ content like products, reviews and pages, being able to make purchases. However, only users that are signed up can assemble lists and manage their personal information. This kind of user will be distributed into two types, standard and premium user. To be a premium user the client must surpass a quota of purchases in a specified period. This will give the advantage of exclusive discounts and a personalized suggestion of products for a more personal and unique experience to the user.

***

## Revision history

Changes made to the first submission:

Added editor, store manager and premium user, and altered administrator.

***

GROUP1813, 14/02/2019

* Carlos Daniel Gomes, up201603404@fe.up.pt
* Carolina Azevedo, up201506509@fe.up.pt
* Diogo Yaguas, up201606165@fe.up.pt (Editor)
* Gonçalo Bernardo, up201606058@fe.up.pt